ladies and gentlemen, I greet you all today
we're going to see how to transform the
our windows 8 and windows 7 windows 8
Yes, yes
windows 7 windows 8 unfortunately ok
then below you will find the indies
description you can choose between the
online and offline between 32 64 bit
I downloaded the 64 bit off line
64-ticket operating system one
Once this is done, let's click on you
which we do not start the installation
it is precisely the identical version I repeat it
I say in the first place accepted the terms is
kicked everything you say no to
everything you want to install ok
select everything i say go one
small premise is not exactly identical
to windows 8 fortunately own
identical I drive under no we say that one
species is as if it were almost more similar
to the beta versions that are
come out in prey leysin a few words that
have come out with windows 8
at the end you have to remember stalling ria
for the computer and here it is all right
a slightly particular change not
It is exactly identical to Windows 8 for more
pignoli is fine then already as before
what appears to us a little less a
little tutorial let's call it so on
how to use the mouse that there may be
help
okay in this case do not show it
more at the next reboot then son the
start up pictures explains the bla tutorial
bla bla
we see ok and this is our system
for the windows 7 operating system between
played in this sort of let's call it
windows 8
here it is, the windows are more or less
always remained the same has changed little
and nothing short of icons
logically the display of the
icons are different let's see already
on our schools resources on ours
computers that are in different ways
how nice to repeat different panel of
control and interview by category
some are large some with
when you arrive the same ones have changed
but as always in large and
small will always be in a nutshell
those of the original guidos in the mouth
that of windows 7
here we have small axs in a few
words where you can carry
what you need
open tabs and closed tabs
you can customize now i 'm not
rho yacht with custom lights
tweaked nice little computer and
when you become good it's not because you are good at it
people take you but why you
also learn by yourself in this case from
just
10 17 and ethical